thank you mercy,
Hello Everyone,
Let me take you to our website bookme.com.we hosted this website on render.com.Both our backend and frontend running on render.com.I am sharing link in the chat so you guys can gothrough it lATER
[Paste the link]
This is our home page with the search option.also we have couple of shortcuts like top destination and hot ptoperties.before I could do anything I would like to register myself soI wont have problems with booking later.
let me go to signup
[open the signup].
email-id:-shraddha@dci.com
password: Shraddha@113
[click on signup]
now I registered.
Let me login now
[click on login]
as you can see my name is appearing on the right side of the page.I have couple of options here.I will come back later on this.there is no image at the moment because I need to upload one.
[Click on profile]
Now let search some properties. I am puting my beloved city berlin.I am selecting date but at the moment our dates  not cnnected with search criteria. Same goes with the guest selection.
Let'ssearch properties this will reidrect me to search page.
this are the couple of properties in berlin with there prices and ratings.on the top right corner we will see how many properties we have in berlin.
On the left side we have some filters suh as property type, price range and amenities.
we will select one[select villa] and filter.
now you only see the villas.
Lets select one of the property.
on the property page we can see photos uploaded by the host,a short summary of the property, type of the property with beds and bathroom, All the amenties we have at the property, the location of the property on the map and some reviews.
Now lets try to book this property.select some dates,guest and reserve.
we are on the payment page now. everything looks fine. we have multiple payment options here. 
Now let's put the request for booking.
This request will go to the host. he can then approve or reject the request. 
Also this request will appear in my resevations section[click on reservation menu]
As you can see, before host approves the request, I can cancell the request As well.
now Let me login with host profile.[antonja459069@gmail.com]

Let's go to the booking request. our request should appear here.
As you see multiple requests pending for the properties.
I will approve my requests and reject others.
allthis request will appear in the past section.
now let's see in my profile what is happening?
[click on the reservation]now my request is approved so it is appear in the past.now I acn go on holidays.
[switch to host profile]host can also see How muuch money he earn in transaction section.
so thats it.that what we have to show. there are couple of things pending such as new Property posting.posting reviews.Integration payment getway and mapbased search.This all would not  be possible in two month time so we kept it optuonal.
Thank you very much!


